update demo CTA at top (#4777)
dagger/dagger: docs/current/guides/899944-aws-cdk-ecs.md

# Use Dagger with the AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK)

:::note

> You can view of this demo of this use case [here](https://youtu.be/ESZKu8VWSGA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View a [demo of using Dagger with the AWS CDK](https://youtu.be/ESZKu8VWSGA).
```

Reviewer: Modified link to be more descriptive for SEO
